# What-s-the-most-important-technology-or-strategy-for-human-AI-cooperation-
What's the most important technology or strategy for human AI cooperation?
WHAT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT TECHNOLOGY OR STRATEGY FOR HUMAN AI COOPERATION?
-A brief look into Artificial intelligence (AI)
-A brief look into use local knowledge: Private Machine Learning
-My view on human AI cooperation (robotics innovations and Gitcion bounties)


A brief look into Artificial intelligence (AI)
Artificial intelligence (AI) refers to the simulation of human intelligence in machines that are programmed to think like humans and mimic their actions. It may also be applied to any machine that exhibits traits associated with a human mind such as learning and problem-solving. Artificial intelligence is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. The ideal characteristic of artificial intelligence is its ability to rationalize and take actions that have the best chance of achieving a specific goal.
A brief look into use local knowledge: Private Machine Learning 
Private machine learning is a way to make sure the data the algorithms are being learned from is kept separate. If a hacker breaks in, they don’t have access to the data. Andrew Trask proposes using homomorphic encryption for safely training AI on data sets belonging to various players in the game of civilization.  The data is encrypted before going to the computing device, computations are performed on encrypted data, and only the encrypted results are sent back and decrypted at the source. Since the computing device doesn’t have the decryption key, no personal information can be extracted. 
For instance, Chris can send an encrypted file or project in which he might want Roy to go through and probably fill his data and send it back to him, consequently, Chris can decrypt it on receiving it from Roy and re-encrypt it, so that he could send it to another client using a totally different key from the one he sent to Roy. In this order, Chris can work with Roy and other clients and be able to safeguard their various data.

My view on human AI cooperation (robotics innovations and Gitcion bounties)
Since, Artificial Intelligence is a way of making a computer, a computer controlled robot, or a software think intelligently, and in the similar manner the intelligent humans think. AI is accomplished by studying how human brain thinks and how humans learn, decide, and work while trying to solve a problem, and then using the outcomes of this study as a basis of developing intelligent software and systems. Most AI like robots are created to help human in activities that might be too dangerous or technical for human to perform and in most cases they help to make certain aspect of the game of civilization smoothly like drone, no human would possibly fly and covered the distant that drone do and in the same time cover activities and get vital information that it was sent out to do. Other robotics like sofia (human like conversation and learning), robear (helping hospital patients), xiaomi cyberdog (object motion tracking), henn na hotel (facial recognition), ava robotics (easy movement) and so many more are taking the civilization game between humans and AI to another level in terms of cooperation.  
The image below is Robear helping to carry a patient in the hospital.
 
Secondly, Privacy is what every player in the game would always want to enjoy. Consequently, players benefiting and receiving incentives from their activities in the game is also encouraging towards the growth. Using Gitcion as example, One of the most important strategy of human AI cooperation that I think is vital is a system like a machine learning competition or machine learning model marketplace, where resources (such as an existing cryptocurency like Ethereum’s Gas or Stellar’s XLM) can be spent and traded to manage compute time and reimburse data contributors for their data. For instance, Roy can ask for the creation of a customized AI-based solution to his business problems, by creating a challenge. This challenge will be visible to all the community members. Interested experts like Chris on the platform will register their participation in the challenge after accepting the terms and conditions guiding it. Chris and others would participates in the competition by submitting their proposed solutions to the problems to Roy, in which he will now choose the best for him and successfully rewards a particular player.

